when was the orchestra founded?
who is the boss, the leader, speaker etc. of the orchestra?
who had the idea?
are you all vegetarians or vegans?
are you serious about your music?
isn't it an ethical problem to play on vegetable instruments while elsewhere people die of starvation?
What do you do with the vegetables when you're done with them?
can you provide instructions how to build vegetable instruments:
what was the last instrument you developed, and when was it?
what is so special in the sound of vegetable instruments
do you use only vegetables? not fruits?
how long does it take to prepare a vegetable instrument?
how much of the sound depends on the quality of the instrument?
where do you buy your vegetables?
how many musicians do you have in your orchestra?
what kind of soup does your cook prepare at the end of your concert?
do you colaborate with other musicians?
is there another vegetable orchestra in holland, u.k., usa, mars, alpha centauri etc.?
do you also hold workshops?
why vegetables? any object can produce sounds; is the fact that you chose vegetables in any way related to the fact that they can be eaten?
do you wish to draw attention to the infinity of sounds that surrounds us in daily life in general, or do you focus on food for some particular reason?
how would you describe your style of music?
is there any particular procedure to prepare the vegetables to be musical instruments?
what are the difficulties in creating these instruments?
is the sound of the instrument linked to the quality of vegetable used each time?
do you care to safeguard the original sound of your instruments or do you rather focus your attention on the transformation of the sound created?
what kind of connection exists between composition and improvisation in your music?
did you make up a particular instrument in order to write your music?
your musical results sound, in some way, like the techno or electro music of kraftwerk, but do they also to concrete music? how do you approach these genres of music?
are there any role models or artists who influenced you?
do you consider yourself to be in the domain of electronic music or classical music? who is closer to you, aphex twin or john cage?
what is the superidea of your art? is it close to pierre boulez's theory that every thing in this world is a sound in another?
are the members of the orchestra clasically trained musicians? how do you collaborate?
Is the very strong percussive element in your music due to the particular nature of the instruments, or is it because of your music taste?
how much do you take for a concert?
in what sort of places do you like to perform?
how often do you give concerts? 
What was the Vienna Vegetable Orchestra founded in 1998?
Where is the Vegetable Orchestra from?
Which vegetable was the first to be used by the Vegetable Band from Austria?
What is the meaning of vegetable orchestra?
What makes each performance by the Vegetable Orchestra unique or special?
How to make vegetable instruments step by step?
What is the Vienna Vegetable Orchestra famous for?
